feat: add support networks to chain signatures (#2646)
near/docs: docs/chain-abstraction/chain-signatures/implementation.md

This unlocks the next level of blockchain interoperability by giving ownership of diverse assets, cross-chain accounts, and data to a single NEAR account.

<details>

<summary> Supported Networks </summary>

> You can connect with networks like Bitcoin, Solana, Cosmos, XRP, Aptos, and Sui. You get support for Ethereum and EVM-compatible chains such as Base, BNB Chain, Avalanche, Polygon, Arbitrum, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While you can sign transactions for any network using Eddsa or Ecdsa keys, each chain signs transactions differently.

Our example implementation shows you how to sign transactions for: Bitcoin, Solana, Cosmos, XRP, Aptos, Sui and EVM networks (Ethereum, Base, BNB Chain, Avalanche, Polygon, Arbitrum, and more).
```
